I'm treating video that that's pretty
good we're bullshitting the same stuff
it's gonna be a good rally today I think
so he'll get bikes in your background
there you go to be a nice day and no
rain and everybody's going to be happy
it's gonna be great day we are here for
the parking raleigh trying to get the
attention of the politicians Lenore here
they should listen to education yeah
well we're all gathered here this
morning because we're going to a secret
location yet to be divulged and we're
going to well pardon the phrase we're
going to occupy a street full of parking
meters as a bit of a protest
demonstration if you will to try to
convince City Hall to
increase the parking for motorcycles and
two wheels but the vehicles in downtown
Vancouver
we started this about two years ago
three years ago actually and you all
know how difficult it is if you have a
motorcycle is virtually impossible to
park downtown shouldn't be that way I'm
going to be at robson and thurlow that's
going to be ground zero that's going to
be where we have invited some of the
media to come and join us and take a
look at what we're doing counselor
Adrian cars says that she's going to be
here this morning I heard that MLA Mary
McNeil is going to show up I hope that
we'll see some media there as well and
there's some people from engineering
that might show up as well so remember
what the objective here is the objective
is to get what we're looking for which
is space for motorcycles we want to be
good ambassadors for this cause here
just so you know we're making some
headway here okay after I've seen some
and heard from some cynics about this
this is a complete waste of time why are
you doing this this is not a waste of
time you see you know as a result of
what you did in 2010 we now have
motorcycle parking spaces downtown on
the on the far side of intersections in
those corner clearances what we're going
to do is we're going to occupy single
vehicle parking spaces which is what we
had to do prior to 2010 and we're going
to sit there for about two hours you can
once your bikes parked you can go for
coffee come and join us at robson and
thurlow if you want that's where we're
going to be down on Robson Street so
what I want everybody to do is start
unbarred street and go northwest on
robson and everybody take a single
vehicle parking spaces
you
I think it's great thing we're trying to
wear to raise the awareness of
motorbikes in the city
it just shows how many bikes there are
in the city it's coming out
we could all parked into a spot and not
take up much space or a week apart one
it was fun and take up a whole kilometer
the great thing good things away from
raise awareness of bikes in the city
well I think we we did some damage today
we got the visual that we were looking
for and we've drawn attention to what it
is we're trying to do here and you know
as I was saying to lesser a couple of
minutes ago if you can show some of
these people that aren't writers you
show them and today we showed them and
they understand it's just a matter of
trying to explain to people what the
challenges are what the advantages are
for them
you see the shift occur and I think that
everybody that showed up here today is
it helped make a huge difference in
terms of you know the future shift in
terms of accepting motorcycle parking in
the city